SC-17118 Rebranding effort (#11)
SonarSource/sonarcloud_example_go-sqscanner-travis: README.md

# Go project analyzed on SonarQube Cloud using Travis
Go project analyzed on SonarQube Cloud using Travis

[![Build status](https://travis-ci.org/SonarSource/sonarcloud_example_go-sqscanner-travis.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/SonarSource/sonarcloud_example_go-sqscanner-travis) [![Quality Gate](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=io.sonarcloud.examples.go-sqscanner-travis-project&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard/index/io.sonarcloud.examples.go-sqscanner-travis-project)

> #### This project is analyzed on [SonarQube Cloud](https://sonarcloud.io)!

Reviewer: NP the `sonarcloud.io` URL redirects to `https://www.sonarsource.com/products/sonarcloud/` unsure if we want to update this link?

```suggestion
#### This project is analyzed on [SonarQube Cloud](https://www.sonarsource.com/products/sonarcloud/)!
```
